Removing on-premise content (#2956)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/airgapped.md

:::

> The airgapped deployment is similiar to an on-premise installation in that the dbt Cloud instance will live in your network, and is subject to your security procedures, technologies, and controls. An airgapped install allows you to run dbt Cloud without any of those external network dependencies and is ideal for organizations that have strict rules around installing software from the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The airgapped deployment is similar to an on-premise installation in that the dbt Cloud instance will live in your network, and is subject to your security procedures, technologies, and controls. An airgapped install allows you to run dbt Cloud without any external network dependencies and is ideal for organizations that have strict rules around installing software from the cloud.
```
